# # Address

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**address_line1** | **string** | The first line of a street address. This field is required for store and fulfillment center locations. A street address is not required for warehouse locations.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;This field will be returned if defined for an inventory location. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length&lt;/b&gt;: 128 | [optional]
**address_line2** | **string** | The second line of a street address. This field can be used for additional address information, such as a suite or apartment number. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;This field will be returned if defined for an inventory location. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length&lt;/b&gt;: 128 | [optional]
**city** | **string** | The city in which the inventory location resides. This field is required for store and fulfillment center locations. For warehouse locations, this field is conditionally required as part of a &lt;strong&gt;city&lt;/strong&gt; and &lt;strong&gt;stateOrProvince&lt;/strong&gt; pair if a &lt;strong&gt;postalCode&lt;/strong&gt; is not provided. If a &lt;strong&gt;postalCode&lt;/strong&gt; is provided, the city is derived from the provided postal code and this field is technically optional.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;This field is returned if defined for an inventory location. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length&lt;/b&gt;: 128 | [optional]
**country** | [**\OpenAPI\EbayInventoryClient\Model\CountryCodeEnum**](CountryCodeEnum.md) |  |
**county** | **string** | The county in which the address resides.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;This field is returned if defined for an inventory location. | [optional]
**postal_code** | **string** | The postal/zip code of the address. eBay uses postal codes to surface In-Store Pickup items within the vicinity of a buyer&#39;s location, and it also uses postal codes (origin and destination) to estimate shipping costs when the seller uses calculated shipping. This field is required for store and fulfillment center locations. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;For warehouse locations, this field is conditionally required if a &lt;strong&gt;city&lt;/strong&gt; and &lt;strong&gt;stateOrProvince&lt;/strong&gt; pair is not provided.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;span class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Note:&lt;/strong&gt; For warehouse locations, &lt;strong&gt;city&lt;/strong&gt; and &lt;strong&gt;stateOrProvince&lt;/strong&gt; pair can be used instead of a &lt;strong&gt;postalCode&lt;/strong&gt; value, and then the postal code is just derived from the city and state/province.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;br&gt;This field is returned if defined for an inventory location. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length&lt;/b&gt;: 16 | [optional]
**state_or_province** | **string** | The state/province in which the inventory location resides. This field is required for store and fulfillment center locations. For warehouse locations, this field is conditionally required as part of a &lt;strong&gt;city&lt;/strong&gt; and &lt;strong&gt;stateOrProvince&lt;/strong&gt; pair if a &lt;strong&gt;postalCode&lt;/strong&gt; is not provided. If a &lt;strong&gt;postalCode&lt;/strong&gt; is provided, the state or province is derived from the provided zip code and this field is technically optional.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length&lt;/b&gt;: 128 |

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
