# # ConditionDescriptor

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**additional_info** | **string** | This string provides additional information about a condition descriptor. Open text is passed in this field.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;In the case of trading cards and coins, this field houses the optional &lt;b&gt;Certification Number&lt;/b&gt; condition descriptor for graded items. For salvage, this field houses the optional &lt;b&gt;Damage Code&lt;/b&gt; condition descriptor for graded items.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;div class&#x3D;\&quot;msgbox_important\&quot;&gt;&lt;p class&#x3D;\&quot;msgbox_importantInDiv\&quot; data-mc-autonum&#x3D;\&quot;&amp;lt;b&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style&#x3D;&amp;quot;color: #dd1e31;&amp;quot; class&#x3D;&amp;quot;mcFormatColor&amp;quot;&amp;gt;Important! &amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/b&amp;gt;\&quot;&gt;&lt;span class&#x3D;\&quot;autonumber\&quot;&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;span style&#x3D;\&quot;color: #dd1e31;\&quot; class&#x3D;\&quot;mcFormatColor\&quot;&gt;Important!&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; Condition grading for salvage items is only available for eligible sellers.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Max Length:&lt;/b&gt; 30 characters | [optional]
**name** | **string** | This string provides the name of a condition descriptor. A numeric ID is passed in this field. This numeric ID maps to the name of a condition descriptor. Condition descriptor name-value pairs provide more information about an item&#39;s condition in a structured way. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;To retrieve all condition descriptor name numeric IDs for a category, refer to the &lt;b&gt;conditionDescriptorId&lt;/b&gt; field returned in the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/develop/api/sell/metadata_api#sell-metadata_api-marketplace-getitemconditionpolicies\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;getItemConditionPolicies&lt;/a&gt; method of Metadata API. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;In the case of trading cards, this field is used to provide condition descriptors for a card. For graded cards, the condition descriptors for &lt;b&gt;Grader&lt;/b&gt; and &lt;b&gt;Grade&lt;/b&gt; are required, while the condition descriptor for &lt;b&gt;Certification Number&lt;/b&gt; is optional. For ungraded cards, only the &lt;b&gt;Card Condition&lt;/b&gt; condition descriptor is required.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;In the case of coins, this field is used to provide condition descriptors for a coin. For graded coins, the condition descriptors for &lt;b&gt;Grader&lt;/b&gt;, &lt;b&gt;Number Grade&lt;/b&gt;, and &lt;b&gt;Letter Grade&lt;/b&gt; are required, while the condition descriptor for &lt;b&gt;Certification Number&lt;/b&gt; is optional. For ungraded coins, only the &lt;b&gt;Coin Condition&lt;/b&gt; condition descriptor is required.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;In the case of salvage, this field is used to provide condition descriptors for the item. If the salvage is graded, the condition descriptor for &lt;b&gt;Grade&lt;/b&gt; is required, while the condition descriptor for &lt;b&gt;Damage Code&lt;/b&gt; is optional.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;div class&#x3D;\&quot;msgbox_important\&quot;&gt;&lt;p class&#x3D;\&quot;msgbox_importantInDiv\&quot; data-mc-autonum&#x3D;\&quot;&amp;lt;b&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style&#x3D;&amp;quot;color: #dd1e31;&amp;quot; class&#x3D;&amp;quot;mcFormatColor&amp;quot;&amp;gt;Important! &amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/b&amp;gt;\&quot;&gt;&lt;span class&#x3D;\&quot;autonumber\&quot;&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;span style&#x3D;\&quot;color: #dd1e31;\&quot; class&#x3D;\&quot;mcFormatColor\&quot;&gt;Important!&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; Condition grading for salvage items is only available for eligible sellers.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt; | [optional]
**values** | **string[]** | This array provides the value(s) associated with a condition descriptor. One or more numeric IDs is passed in this field. Commas are used as delimiters between successive name/value pairs. These numeric IDs map to the values associated with a condition descriptor name. Condition descriptor name-value pairs provide more information about an item&#39;s condition in a structured way. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;To retrieve all condition descriptor value numeric IDs for a category, refer to the &lt;b&gt;ConditionDescriptorValueId&lt;/b&gt; array returned in the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/develop/api/sell/metadata_api#sell-metadata_api-marketplace-getitemconditionpolicies \&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;getItemConditionPolicies&lt;/a&gt; method of Metadata API. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;In the case of trading cards, this field houses the information on the &lt;b&gt;Grader&lt;/b&gt; and &lt;b&gt;Grade&lt;/b&gt; descriptors of graded cards and the &lt;b&gt;Card Condition&lt;/b&gt; descriptor for ungraded cards.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;In the case of coins, this field houses the information on the &lt;b&gt;Grader&lt;/b&gt; and &lt;b&gt;Number Grade&lt;/b&gt;, and &lt;b&gt;Letter Grade&lt;/b&gt; descriptors of graded coins and the &lt;b&gt;Coin Condition&lt;/b&gt; descriptor for ungraded coins.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;In the case of salvage, this field houses the information on the &lt;b&gt;Grade&lt;/b&gt; descriptor of a graded item.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;div class&#x3D;\&quot;msgbox_important\&quot;&gt;&lt;p class&#x3D;\&quot;msgbox_importantInDiv\&quot; data-mc-autonum&#x3D;\&quot;&amp;lt;b&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style&#x3D;&amp;quot;color: #dd1e31;&amp;quot; class&#x3D;&amp;quot;mcFormatColor&amp;quot;&amp;gt;Important! &amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/b&amp;gt;\&quot;&gt;&lt;span class&#x3D;\&quot;autonumber\&quot;&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;span style&#x3D;\&quot;color: #dd1e31;\&quot; class&#x3D;\&quot;mcFormatColor\&quot;&gt;Important!&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; Condition grading for salvage items is only available for eligible sellers.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt; | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
