# # InventoryLocationFull

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**location** | [**\OpenAPI\EbayInventoryClient\Model\LocationDetails**](LocationDetails.md) |  |
**location_additional_information** | **string** | This text field is used by the merchant to provide additional information about an inventory location. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length&lt;/b&gt;: 256 | [optional]
**location_instructions** | **string** | This text field is generally used by the merchant to provide special pickup instructions for a store inventory location. Although this field is optional, it is recommended that merchants provide this field to create a pleasant and easy pickup experience for In-Store Pickup and Click and Collect orders. If this field is not included in the call request payload, eBay will use the default pickup instructions contained in the merchant&#39;s profile (if available). | [optional]
**location_types** | [**\OpenAPI\EbayInventoryClient\Model\StoreTypeEnum[]**](StoreTypeEnum.md) | This container is used to define the function of the inventory location. Typically, an inventory location will serve as a store, warehouse, or fulfillment center, but in some cases, an inventory location may be more than one type.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;For In-Store Pickup inventory, set &lt;b&gt;StoreTypeEnum&lt;/b&gt; to &lt;code&gt;STORE&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;To utilize the Multi-warehouse program, set &lt;b&gt;StoreTypeEnum&lt;/b&gt; to &lt;code&gt;FULFILLMENT_CENTER&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;If this container is omitted, the location type of the inventory location will default to &lt;code&gt;WAREHOUSE&lt;/code&gt;. See &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/develop/api/sell/inventory_api#sell-inventory_api-location-getinventorylocation.storetypeenum\&quot;&gt;StoreTypeEnum&lt;/a&gt; for the supported values.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Default&lt;/b&gt;: &lt;code&gt;WAREHOUSE&lt;/code&gt; | [optional]
**location_web_url** | **string** | This text field is used by the merchant to provide the Website address (URL) associated with the inventory location. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length&lt;/b&gt;: 512 | [optional]
**merchant_location_status** | [**\OpenAPI\EbayInventoryClient\Model\StatusEnum**](StatusEnum.md) |  | [optional]
**name** | **string** | The seller-defined name of the inventory location. This name should be a human-friendly name as it will be displayed in In-Store Pickup and Click and Collect listings. A name is not required for warehouse locations. For store locations, this field is not immediately required, but will be required before an offer enabled with the In-Store Pickup or Click and Collect capability can be published. So, if the seller omits this field in a &lt;strong&gt;createInventoryLocation&lt;/strong&gt; call, it becomes required for an &lt;strong&gt;updateInventoryLocation&lt;/strong&gt; call.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length&lt;/b&gt;: 1000 | [optional]
**operating_hours** | [**\OpenAPI\EbayInventoryClient\Model\OperatingHours[]**](OperatingHours.md) | This container is used to express the regular operating hours for a store location during each day of the week. A &lt;strong&gt;dayOfWeekEnum&lt;/strong&gt; field and an &lt;strong&gt;intervals&lt;/strong&gt; container will be needed for each day of the week that the store location is open.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Although not technically required, this container is highly recommended to be used to specify operating hours for a store location. | [optional]
**phone** | **string** | This field is used to specify the phone number for an inventory location.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length&lt;/b&gt;: 36 |
**special_hours** | [**\OpenAPI\EbayInventoryClient\Model\SpecialHours[]**](SpecialHours.md) | This container is used to express the special operating hours for a store inventory location on a specific date, such as a holiday. The special hours specified for the specific date will override the normal operating hours for that particular day of the week. | [optional]
**time_zone_id** | **string** | This field specifies the time zone of the inventory location being created. This value should be in Olson format (for example &lt;code&gt;America/Vancouver&lt;/code&gt;). For supported values, see &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://howtodoinjava.com/java/date-time/supported-zone-ids-offsets/#3-java-supported-zone-ids-and-offsets\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Java Supported Zone Ids and Offsets&lt;/a&gt;.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;span class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note:&lt;/b&gt; If specified, this time zone will be used for all hour related fields. If this field is not specified for a fulfillment center location, the time zone will be calculated from the provided address fields.&lt;/span&gt; | [optional]
**fulfillment_center_specifications** | [**\OpenAPI\EbayInventoryClient\Model\FulfillmentCenterSpecifications**](FulfillmentCenterSpecifications.md) |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
